[DOC] Add a page to introduce DPCT API-Mapping query feature. (#1420)
oneapi-src/SYCLomatic: docs/dev_guide/API-Mapping-query-guide.rst

API-Mapping Query Guide
=======================

> |tool_name| provides an option for users to get which SYCL API will be used when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|tool_name| provides the functionality to query functionally compatible SYCL API for some CUDA API.  The API query functionality can assist user on manual code migration and help user understand the SYCL API.

```

Author: fixed

migrating a CUDA API.

> For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API mapping query example:

```

Author: fixed

API-Mapping Query Guide
=======================

|tool_name| provides the functionality for users to query functionally
compatible SYCL API for some CUDA API. The API query functionality can assist

> users on manual code migration and help users understand the SYCL API.

Reviewer 2: Consider changing to "manual code migration, as well as help users understand the SYCL API" for flow

Author: fixed

API mapping query example:

   .. code-block:: bash

      $ dpct --query-api-mapping=cudaMalloc
      CUDA API:
        cudaMalloc(pDev /*void ***/, s /*size_t*/);
      Is migrated to:
        *pDev = (void *)sycl::malloc_device(s, dpct::get_in_order_queue());

> - You can use ``tab`` button to auto-complete the CUDA API names.

Reviewer: I think this line apply for linux only.

Author: fixed

> - You can use ``tab`` button to auto-complete the CUDA API names (In Linux OS only).

Reviewer 2: Change to "On a Linux OS, you can use the ``tab`` button" to auto-complete the CUDA API names."

Author: fixed

    .. code-block:: bash

        $ dpct --query-api-mapping=cudaMa (press tab)
        $ dpct --query-api-mapping=cudaMalloc

> - |tool_name| supports fuzzy match of CUDA API names.

Reviewer 2: Suggest changing "fuzzy match" to "fuzzy matching"

Author: fixed
